Add disk monitoring (#233)
jupyter-server/jupyter-resource-usage: CONTRIBUTING.md

        jupyter-resource-usage v0.1.0 enabled OK
```

> There is an example config file included.

Reviewer: I would worry that this file will diverge in the future if it is not covered by the tests. Because tratitlets can auto-generate th econfig I would suggest not including it.

## Which code creates what content

> The stats are created by the server-side code in `jupyter_resource_usage`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The stats are created by the server-side code in `jupyter_resource_usage`.
```

For the jupyterlab 4 / notebook 7 UIs, the code in `packages/labextension` creates and writes the content for both the statusbar and the topbar.

> The framework the topbar is defined in the schema, whilst the contents of the statusbar is driven purely by the labextension code.... and labels are defined by their approrpiate `xxxView.tsx` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The topbar is defined in the schema, whilst the contents of the statusbar is driven purely by the labextension code.... and labels are defined by their appropriate `*View.tsx` file
```
